[Music]
hey you heading to South Korea for your
next vacation well before you fill your
belly with kimchi and then hit up a BTS
concert you'll need to get acquainted
with some South Korean no-nose first
from slightly bizarre cultural full
pause to downright illegal bands you'll
want to know this starting with number
one don't tip at restaurants even if the
service was incredible and chances are
it will be fight the urge to leave a tip
especially if you're from a country
where that's the norm like the US for
instance restaurant and cafe employees
get paid really well so tipping is seen
as an incredibly rude gesture and a jab
at their dignity number two don't play
with chopsticks
there are several taboos that revolve
around chopsticks in Korean culture for
example if you mistakenly poke a hole in
your food with chopsticks then the host
or chef might consider it an insult to
their cooking skills holding the sticks
vertically and sticking them vertically
into rice are associated with death in
South Korea because it resembles the
incense sticks stuck in the sand at
funerals
[Music]
number three don't leave food on your
plate now this one seems pretty logical
for most Americans I can still hear my
mom threatening me to clean my plate or
it won't get dessert but if you're from
say China you'll be shocked to hear that
you shouldn't leave a little bit of food
on your plate to show that you're
stuffed full of the host delicious meal
if you're going to East Asia
don't confuse Chinese and Korean table
manners when visiting someone's home in
South Korea it's impolite to refuse
refreshments and even more offensive if
you don't finish what's been served in
cafes and restaurants the staff might
also reprimand you for leaving food on
your plate number four stay away from
the number four
you might feel uneasy about the number
13 but a lot of countries in East Asia
have the same attitude only with the
number 4 and that includes South Korea
some combinations of fours are more
feared than others in numbers with
multiple occurrences of the dreaded
digit are even worse this superstition
comes down to the fact that in Korean
the word for the number sounds similar
to the words for decease and died well
now I can understand where they're
coming from you'll even see this phobia
in action when you walk into an elevator
or a public building their floor number
4 and room number 4 are almost always
left out you might see the fourth floor
labeled F in an elevator instead
apartment numbers containing multiple
occurrences of four such as 404 are
avoided to the extent that the value of
such a property can be negatively
affected Wow number five don't give
gifts to your teacher the age-old
tradition of giving gifts to teachers
for teachers Day on May 15th was made
illegal in South Korea back in September
of 2016 the law prohibits teachers from
receiving gifts from students or their
parents it does however allow paper
carnations to be given by one student
representative on behalf of the whole
class or the teachers who don't teach
them anymore so if you're a student in
South Korea or you plan on taking some
classes there be warned breaking this
law could mean a fine of up to $25,000
or even prison time and if you do give
or receive anything be it a gift or food
at the dinner table always use both
hands to show respect hmm number six
don't let your tattoos show
many East Asian countries don't like
tattoos and they've even managed to
encode this into their laws in South
Korea it's illegal for tattoo artists to
practice their work and only licensed
medical doctors are legally allowed to
ink people but a lot of locals will tell
you that this law isn't enforced too
heavily and you can get a tattoo pretty
easily
still people with tattoos are treated
differently so you may want to cover up
yours if you plan a trip that's
especially the case if you're wanting to
work or do business in Korea it's best
to keep the tats under wraps
number 7 don't wear plunging necklines
most people in the West are pretty
relaxed about clothing especially
Americans you do you and wear what you
want seems to be the general motto but
South Korea has a pretty interesting
attitude when it comes to what's
considered too revealing or not for
instance a plunging neckline is
considered to open among Koreans and is
not suitable for wearing in public a lot
of women there will stick to high
necklines or wear layers under low-cut
tops just to err on the side of caution
however the attitude toward miniskirts
is drastically different they're not
only acceptable but are also considered
really fashionable you'll see a lot of
women wearing very short skirts in South
Korea and everybody is okay with it
okay number eight don't make too much
eye contact I'm sure you like a lot of
people have been taught that making eye
contact with someone you're speaking to
is a sign of politeness it shows that
you're listening attentively and are
confident in what you're saying when
it's your turn to speak but in korea
keeping eye contact is pardon my pon
looked down upon because it's considered
too bold it's especially important to
avoid looking directly into someone's
eyes if they're older than you or if
they have a higher position like your
boss and that's because maintaining eye
contact is your way of saying that
you're on the same level as someone that
be an extremely rude move
in this case number nine be careful when
taking photos in public if you're out
and about in the streets of Seoul or
anywhere in the country for that matter
never take photographs with strangers in
the frame it might land you a fine or a
night spent in the police station trying
to prove that your intentions weren't
malevolent or crude the strictest part
of the law is that you can't publish
pictures of strangers that includes on
social media but still a lot of Koreans
are just uncomfortable with people
randomly snapping a pic of them without
their knowing and it makes sense really
as far as privacy is concerned you can
always just be civilized and ask
permission before taking someone's
picture number 10 don't get into
arguments especially with elders you
might well be a rocket scientist but in
South Korea you have to listen to your
elders especially if their rocket
scientists - nah just kidding about that
last part societal hierarchy based on
age is very rigid in this country and
you'll probably be seen as unbelievably
rude and disrespectful if you argue with
someone who's older than you even if
they cut in line and you've been waiting
there for who knows how long just let it
go if it's an elder that's especially a
good idea if you find yourself
face-to-face with a mad Exuma
translating to something like auntie in
English but not your relation these
older women in they're instantly
recognizable bright clothes have a
particular reputation in Korea basically
getting into any argument with an azuma
can be a mistake you might end up
regretting for the rest of your life if
she tells you up is down don't argue
number 11 don't blow your nose in public
you know it's polite to cover your mouth
and nose when you cough or sneeze but
take extra precaution when it comes to
blowing your nose in Korea obviously
you're not going to shoot any snot
rockets on the street no please don't do
that but even just taking a tissue and
wiping your nose in public is considered
extremely rude in
lowbrow especially at the dinner table
and I'm sure while enjoying some spicy
Korean cuisine you'll start wiping a
runny nose in no time just politely
excuse yourself and go wipe or blow your
nose in private number 12 toilet talk
isn't taboo now this might come as a
surprise given all the other things on
this list especially that last one about
blowing your nose but talking about your
number one and number two is totally
normal in Korea and I'm not just talking
about between family friends or partners
even colleagues we'll go into great
detail about their bodily functions it's
absolutely baffling for visitors so yeah
there's no taboo whatsoever in
discussing how everything is going down
there is it regular how is the color the
consistency everything in Seoul
they've even built a park dedicated to
all things toilet well I guess I can
understand where they're coming from
it's all just natural biological stuff
anyway right okay and enough of that
are there any cultural taboos and Pho
passe in your country let everybody know
down in the comments if you learn
something new today then give this video
a like and share with a friend but hey
don't go anywhere just yet we have over
two thousand cool videos for you to
check out all you have to do is pick the
left or right video right there see
click on it and enjoy stay on the bright
side of life